.\" Copyright (c) 2003-2008 Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH libmpq 3 2008-03-31 "The MoPaQ archive library"
.SH NAME
libmpq \- cross-platform C library for manipulating mpq archives.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B
#include <libmpq/mpq.h>
.sp
.BI "int libmpq__memory_copy("
.BI "        unsigned char *" "in_buf",
.BI "        unsigned int   " "in_size",
.BI "        unsigned char *" "out_buf",
.BI "        unsigned int   " "out_size",
.BI "        unsigned int   " "block_size"
.BI ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Call \fBlibmpq__memory_copy\fP() to copy a given amount of memory. If the memory is encrypted it should be first decrypted using \fPlibmpq__memory_decrypt\fP().
.LP
The \fBlibmpq__memory_copy\fP() function takes as first argument the \fIin_buf\fP which is the input data buffer. The second argument \fIin_size\fP is the size of \fIin_buf\fP. The third argument \fIout_buf\fP is the output data buffer which contains the copied data. The fourth argument \fIout_size\fP is the size of \fIout_buf\fP and the fifth argument \fIblock_size\fP is used to copy the blocks in the memory.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the transferred bytes are returned and on error one of the following constants.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_COPY
Copying memory failed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libmpq__memory_decrypt (3),
.BR libmpq__memory_decompress (3),
.BR libmpq__memory_explode (3),
.BR libmpq__block_copy (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Check documentation.
.TP
libmpq is (c) 2003-2008
.B Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.PP
The above e-mail address can be used to send bug reports, feedbacks or library enhancements.
