.\" Copyright (c) 2003-2008 Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH libmpq 3 2008-03-31 "The MoPaQ archive library"
.SH NAME
libmpq \- cross-platform C library for manipulating mpq archives.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B
#include <libmpq/mpq.h>
.sp
.BI "int libmpq__file_info("
.BI "        mpq_archive_s *" "mpq_archive",
.BI "        unsigned int   " "info_type",
.BI "        unsigned int   " "file_number"
.BI ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Call \fBlibmpq__file_info\fP() to get useful information about the opened file inside mpq archive, depending on the requested information type.
.LP
The \fBlibmpq__file_info\fP() function takes as first argument the archive structure \fImpq_archive\fP which have to be allocated first and opened by \fBlibmpq__archive_open\fP(). The second argument \fIinfo_type\fP is one of the following constants and the third argument \fIfile_number\fP is the number of file opened by \fBlibmpq__file_open\fP().
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_COMPRESSED_SIZE
Return the compressed size of the file.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_UNCOMPRESSED_SIZE
Return the uncompressed size of the file.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_ENCRYPTED_SIZE
Return the encrypted size of the file.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_DECRYPTED_SIZE
Return the decrypted size of the file.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_ENCRYPTED
Return true if file is encrypted.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_COMPRESSED
Return true if file is compressed.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_IMPLODED
Return true if file is imploded.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_COPIED
Return true if file is neither compressed nor imploded.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_SINGLE
Return true if file is stored in single sector.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_OFFSET
Return the absolute start position of the file.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_BLOCKS
Return the number of blocks for the file.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_FILE_BLOCKSIZE
Return the blocksize of the file.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the value to the requested argument \fIinfo_type\fP is returned and on error one of the following constants.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_NOT_INITIALIZED
libmpq wasn't initialized by calling \fBlibmpq__initialize\fP(), or it was shut down by an \fBlibmpq__shutdown\fP() call.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_EXIST
The given file does not exist.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_INFO
The given info type does not exist.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libmpq__archive_info (3),
.BR libmpq__block_info (3),
.BR libmpq__file_name (3),
.BR libmpq__file_number (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Check documentation.
.TP
libmpq is (c) 2003-2008
.B Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.PP
The above e-mail address can be used to send bug reports, feedbacks or library enhancements.
