.\" Copyright (c) 2003-2008 Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH libmpq 3 2008-03-31 "The MoPaQ archive library"
.SH NAME
libmpq \- cross-platform C library for manipulating mpq archives.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B
#include <libmpq/mpq.h>
.sp
.BI "int libmpq__archive_info("
.BI "        mpq_archive_s *" "mpq_archive",
.BI "        unsigned int   " "info_type"
.BI ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Call \fBlibmpq__archive_info\fP() to get useful information about the opened mpq archive, depending on the requested information type.
.LP
The \fBlibmpq__archive_info\fP() function takes as first argument the archive structure \fImpq_archive\fP which have to be allocated first and opened by \fBlibmpq__archive_open\fP(). The second argument \fIinfo_type\fP is one of the following constants.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_SIZE
Return the size of the mpq archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_COMPRESSED_SIZE
Return the compressed size of the mpq archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_UNCOMPRESSED_SIZE
Return the uncompressed size of the mpq archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_FILES
Return the number of files in the mpq archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_HASHTABLE_ENTRIES
Return the number of hashtable entries (hashtable size) in the mpq archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_BLOCKTABLE_ENTRIES
Return the number of blocktable entries (blocktable size) in the mpq archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_BLOCKSIZE
Return the blocksize of the mpq archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ARCHIVE_VERSION
Return the version of the mpq archive.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the value to the requested argument \fIinfo_type\fP is returned and on error one of the following constants.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_NOT_INITIALIZED
libmpq wasn't initialized by calling \fBlibmpq__initialize\fP(), or it was shut down by an \fBlibmpq__shutdown\fP() call.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_INFO
The given info type does not exist.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libmpq__file_info (3),
.BR libmpq__block_info (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Check documentation.
.TP
libmpq is (c) 2003-2008
.B Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.PP
The above e-mail address can be used to send bug reports, feedbacks or library enhancements.
