.\" Copyright (c) 2003-2008 Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.TH libmpq 3 2008-04-07 "The MoPaQ archive library"
.SH NAME
libmpq \- cross-platform C library for manipulating mpq archives.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B
#include <mpq.h>
.sp
.BI "int32_t libmpq__block_read("
.BI "        mpq_archive_s *" "mpq_archive",
.BI "        uint8_t       *" "out_buf",
.BI "        uint32_t       " "out_size",
.BI "        uint32_t       " "file_number",
.BI "        uint32_t       " "block_number"
.BI ");"
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Call \fBlibmpq__block_read\fP() to read a given block into memory. If the block is encrypted it will be first decrypted and then decompressed.
.LP
The \fBlibmpq__block_read\fP() function takes as first argument the archive structure \fImpq_archive\fP which have to be allocated first and opened by \fBlibmpq__archive_open\fP(). The second argument \fIout_buf\fP is the output data buffer which contains the extracted data. The third argument \fIout_size\fP is the size of \fIout_buf\fP and the fourth argument \fIfile_number\fP is the file and the fifth argument \fIblock_number\fP is the block to extract.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, the transferred bytes are returned and on error one of the following constants.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_NOT_INITIALIZED
libmpq wasn't initialized by calling \fBlibmpq__initialize\fP(), or it was shut down by an \fBlibmpq__shutdown\fP() call.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_EXIST
Block does not exist in archive.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_SIZE
The output buffer is to small.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_SEEK
Seeking in file failed.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_MALLOC
Not enough memory for creating required structures.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_READ
Reading in archive failed.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_DECRYPT
Decrypting block failed.
.TP
.B LIBMPQ_ERROR_DECOMPRESS
Decompressing block failed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR libmpq__file_read (3)
.SH AUTHOR
Check documentation.
.TP
libmpq is (c) 2003-2008
.B Maik Broemme <mbroemme@plusserver.de>
.PP
The above e-mail address can be used to send bug reports, feedbacks or library enhancements.
